Update Monetization Subsection (#26)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/lightpaper/architecture/monetization/SmartContracts.md

your community. Let’s look at two examples that illustrate the high degree of customization
offered by Subsocial when it comes to monetization:

- A post could be owned by multiple authors and the token distribution could be modified to factor in
ownership shares, as well as the number of likes or replies.
- A space could create unique weekly contests that would reward authors of the three
most popular posts based on the number of likes and shares.

We hope to capture the same level of creativity as seen in the DeFi space on Ethereum. We
recognise that without smart contracts Ethereum DeFi would not be possible. The interaction
between many DeFi projects is an expression of the composability of smart contracts.

We will either integrate smart contract functionality into the Subsocial chain, 

> or integrate with other parachains that support smart contracts, like Moonriver.

Reviewer: We are currently looking into ways to potentially integrate smart contract functionality into Subsocial.

> We will either integrate smart contract functionality into the Subsocial chain, 
> or integrate with other parachains that support smart contracts, like Moonriver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently looking into ways to potentially integrate smart contract functionality into Subsocial.
```
